hi how about how are you telling them that
a very complicated day is not expected
for the central area of ​​the country with
storms and showers also light
declines the values ​​mainly in
the maximum
because of changing everything
frontal system from the south from the
patagonia to the central zone of the country without
embargo for the north of the littoral
good conditions are still expected in
the weather with clear skies at
Partly cloudy minimum of 24
27 degrees and maximums between 39 and 40
degrees to the south of the coast and to
the province of Córdoba instability
with storms and showers in between
holy rivers faith to the east and south of
Cordoba while in the center and in
the west the sky will remain
partly cloudy 23 to 24 hours
minimum with maximums of up to 32 degrees and
in the Pampa plain they are expected
storms and showers if
partly cloudy to the south of the
Province of Buenos Aires with minimum of
between 16 18 and 23 degrees and the maximum
will reach the
23 and 27 degrees and the provinces of whose
instability and storms in san luis and
in mendoza if partially cloudy in
general for which are minimum of
between 22 to 26 degrees and the maximum
will reach 32 and 37 degrees and in the
northwest much heat situation
complicated but partially cloudy 24
to 30 to the minimum with maximums between
35 and 43 degrees for catamarca and in the
rioja
and in Patagonia we will have
instability in the northern sector with
storms and showers the minimum
They will be among the 420 degrees in the
mountain range with maximums between 12 and 26
degrees
1826 the temperature in the person of
well over the center and south of the
patagonia we will have to partially
Cloudy with minimums between 0 and 8
degrees and the maximum will be between 8 and
18 degrees for the southern end of santa
cross in Ushuaia and in Malvinas
variable cloudiness 1 and 3 the minimum and
the maximum will reach 7 and 8 degrees
Now remember that if you need more
information you can consult all the
days our website at www dot
puntocom infoclima that's all for now
the next emission is expected again
with the practical